README.md, before:

#DNP3 Dissector for Scapy

The Distributed Network Protocol (DNP3) is defined in [IEEE Std 1815](https://standards.ieee.org/findstds/standard/1815-2012.html) for the purpose of distributing event data for operation on a variety of communication media consistent with the makeup of most electric power communication systems.

This project is work-in-progress by the Queensland University of Technology(QUT) [Information Security discipline](https://www.qut.edu.au/science-engineering/our-schools/school-of-electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/information-security) and was developed to study cyber attacks on DNP3 critical infrustrcutre. The work can be demonstrated in our paper, [Real-Time and Interactive Attacks on DNP3 Critical Infrastructure Using Scapy](http://crpit.com/confpapers/CRPITV161Rodofile.pdf), published in the CRPIT and Presented at the Australasian Information Security Conference (AISC 2015) in Sydney Australia.  

This code is also used in the following papers:

Rodofile, Nicholas R., Kenneth Radke, and Ernest Foo. "[DNP3 network scanning and reconnaissance for critical infrastructure.](http://eprints.qut.edu.au/93117/)" Proceedings of the Australasian Computer Science Week Multiconference. ACM, 2016.

Rodofile, Nicholas R., Kenneth Radke, and Ernest Foo. "[Framework for SCADA cyber-attack dataset creation.](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3014883)" Proceedings of the Australasian Computer Science Week Multiconference. ACM, 2017.

If you use this code in any academic work, it would be very much appreciated if you cite our papers.

Please note that this code requires the [scapy](http://www.secdev.org/projects/scapy/doc/index.html) library.

For more [QUT Information Security projects](http://qut-infosec.github.io/), visit our Github Repository.

##License
Copyright 2014-2016 N.R Rodofile

Licensed under the GPLv3.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Minor updates
* python3 compliant prints
* updated CRC to working
* added test data and script
* re-aranged some things
* updated the README (but kept old)

README.md, after:

# DNP3 Dissector for ScapyS

The Distributed Network Protocol (DNP3) is defined in [IEEE Std 1815](https://standards.ieee.org/findstds/standard/1815-2012.html) for the purpose of distributing event data for operation on a variety of communication media consistent with the makeup of most electric power communication systems.

This fork updates work by the Queensland University of Technology(QUT) [Information Security discipline](https://www.qut.edu.au/science-engineering/our-schools/school-of-electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/information-security). This fork adds support for data types reported in Application Responses.

Please note that this code requires the [scapy](http://www.secdev.org/projects/scapy/doc/index.html) library.


## License
Copyright 2014-2016 N.R Rodofile

Licensed under the GPLv3.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
